tomato;solana
cabbage;brassica
purple cabbage;brassica
carrot;apia
squash;cucurbita
bean bush;legumino
potato;solana
eggplant;solana
sweet pepper;solana
chili pepper;solana
swiss chard;chenopo
cucumber;cucurbita
beetroot;chenopo
celery;apia
parsley;apia
kale;brassica
purple kale;brassica
spring onion;allium
onion;allium
okra;malva
anise;herbs
basil;herbs
borage;herbs
caraway;herbs
catnip;herbs
chamomile;herbs
chervil;herbs
coriander;herbs
dill;herbs
fennel;herbs
flax;herbs
garlic;herbs
hyssop;herbs
lavender;herbs
lemon grass;herbs
lovage;herbs
oregano;herbs
parsley;herbs
peppermint;herbs
rosemary;herbs
sage;herbs
southernwood;herbs
spearmint;herbs
stinging nettle;herbs
summer savoury;herbs
tarragon;herbs
thyme;herbs
wormwood;herbs
yarrow;herbs
alyssum;Flowers
baby's breadth;Flowers
bee balm;Flowers
californian poppy;Flowers
dianthus;Flowers
geraniums;Flowers
larkspur;Flowers
lupin;Flowers
marigold;Flowers
nasturtium;Flowers
pansy;Flowers
petunia;Flowers
phacelia;Flowers
rose;Flowers
sunflower;Flowers
swan plant;Flowers
sweet pea;Flowers
tansy;Flowers
zinnia;Flowers
apple;fruit trees
leek;allium
shallot;allium
pole beans;legumino
pea;legumino
fava bean;legumino
spinach;chenopo
broccoli;brassica
brussels sprout;brassica
cauliflower;brassica
kohirabi;brassica
radish;brassica
turnip;brassica
alfafa;cover crop
melon;cucurbita
gourd;cucurbita
pumpkin;cucurbita
passion fruit;fruit trees
kei apple;fruit trees
coaster oak;tree
bitou;herbs
saryinga;tree
silver tree;tree
carob;fruit trees
Gazania;Flowers
aloe vera;tree
lemon verbana;tree
sage wood;herbs
wild sage;herbs
acacia;tree
honey suckle;tree
guava tree;fruit trees
kikuyu;grass
macadamia tree;nut tree
comfrey;herbs
avocado tree;fruit trees
perennial basil;herbs
tree lucerne;tree
banana;fruit trees
peach tree;fruit trees
granada tree;fruit trees
african wormwood;herbs
confetti bush;herbs
orange tree;fruit trees
brown fig tree;fruit trees
almond tree;nut tree
curry bush;herbs
lemon tree;fruit trees
fig tree;fruit trees
noem noem;tree
spekboom;tree
plumbago;tree
pelargonium;Flowers
wild dagga;tree
butterfly bush;tree
olive tree;tree
pecan tree;nut tree
rise;aquatic plant
iris;aquatic plant
restio;aquatic plant
daylily;aquatic plant
sand olive;aquatic plant
bay leaf;herbs
soap worth;herbs
stink bush;herbs
sour fig;herbs
rhos;tree
rue;herbs
bougainvillea;Flowers
tee tree;tree
wild olive;tree
waterberry;tree
chive;allium,herbs
chinese cabbage;brassica
